docs/pages/nationstates.rst, before:

.. _api_object:

Getting Started
===============

The Nationstates package includes a simple interface for developers.

For example, for the following code::

    >>> import nationstates
    >>> api = nationstates.Nationstates(UniqueAndDescriptiveUserAgent)
    >>> nation = api.nation("testlandia")

The `.Nationstates` object centralizes API use.  The `.nation` method
creates a `Nation` object for the `'testlandia'`.

Interacting with the API
========================
There are multiple ways to interact with the api


Examples: Using the `flag` and `happenings` shard

This module supports direct attribute access for most of the shards. (For this example, you can check your shard by viewing `nation.auto_shards`), along side other methods.


    >>> nation.flag #Returns Flag directly
    >>> nation.get_flag() # see happenings for better usage
    >>> nation.get_shards("flag") 

`Happenings`:
    
    >>> world = api.world()
    >>> world.happenings # You are unable to pass any additional arguments with attribute request
    >>> world.get_happenings(filter=["law", "change", "rmb"], limit=100)

Interacting with the response
=============================

Outside of shard requests with `.get_shards`, all methods/attributes that referance a shard will only return that shard.


	>>> resp = world.numnations
	"183000"
	>>> resp = world.get_numnations()
	"183000"
	>>> resp = world.get_shards('numnations')
	{"numnations":'183000'}

`get_shards` returns a specialized dict, so code like this can be used


    >>> resp.numnations
    "183000"


This package includes multiple options for how to request/interact with the data, the default is through a specialize dictionary

    >>> import nationstates
    >>> api = nationstates.Nationstates(UniqueAndDescriptiveUserAgent)
    >>> nation = api.nation("testlandia")
    >>> result = nation.get_shards("region", "fullname") #supports multiple shards
    {"region":"Example", fullname:"Example"}


You can interact with it in a multiple ways

    >>> result.fullname
    "Example"
    >>> result["fullname"]
    "Example"

Additionally, all api's have support for Auto Shards, and get_shardname() methods (which returns slightly more data)

    >>> nation.fullname
    "The Hive Mind of Testlandia"
    >>> nation.get_fullname()
    {'id': 'testlandia', 'fullname': 'The Hive Mind of Testlandia'}

You can view what each endpoint currently supports in it's magic methods by viewing

    >>> nation.auto_shards
    ('admirable', 'animal', 'animaltrait', 'banner', 'banners', 'capital', 'category', 'census', 'crime', 'currency', 'customleader', 'customcapital', 'customreligion', 'dbid', 'deaths', 'demonym', 'demonym2', 'demonym2plural', 'dispatches', 'dispatchlist', 'endorsements', 'factbooks', 'factbooklist', 'firstlogin', 'flag', 'founded', 'foundedtime', 'freedom', 'fullname', 'gavote', 'gdp', 'govt', 'govtdesc', 'govtpriority', 'happenings', 'income', 'industrydesc', 'influence', 'lastactivity', 'lastlogin', 'leader', 'legislation', 'majorindustry', 'motto', 'name', 'notable', 'policies', 'poorest', 'population', 'publicsector', 'rcensus', 'region', 'religion', 'richest', 'scvote', 'sectors', 'sensibilities', 'tax', 'tgcanrecruit', 'tgcancampaign', 'type', 'wa', 'wabadges', 'wcensus')
    >>> nationstates.get_shard
    {'get_customreligion', 'get_rcensus', 'get_banners', 'get_govtpriority', 'get_banner', 'get_census', 'get_gavote', 'get_wcensus', 'get_firstlogin', 'get_notable', 'get_admirable', 'get_foundedtime', 'get_category', 'get_customleader', 'get_flag', 'get_currency', 'get_endorsements', 'get_lastlogin', 'get_region', 'get_religion', 'get_capital', 'get_name', 'get_type', 'get_happenings', 'get_crime', 'get_govtdesc', 'get_majorindustry', 'get_influence', 'get_customcapital', 'get_tax', 'get_tgcanrecruit', 'get_demonym2', 'get_legislation', 'get_poorest', 'get_wa', 'get_sectors', 'get_deaths', 'get_dbid', 'get_policies', 'get_scvote', 'get_lastactivity', 'get_demonym', 'get_freedom', 'get_animal', 'get_factbooklist', 'get_industrydesc', 'get_income', 'get_population', 'get_founded', 'get_richest', 'get_demonym2plural', 'get_gdp', 'get_dispatches', 'get_publicsector', 'get_fullname', 'get_motto', 'get_tgcancampaign', 'get_govt', 'get_sensibilities', 'get_dispatchlist', 'get_wabadges', 'get_factbooks', 'get_animaltrait', 'get_leader'}

Is pynationstates thread safe?
==============================

pynationstates does have locks in place that should make it safe to use across threads. However, the author recommends you have independent `nationstates.Nationstates` instances for earch thread. This guarntees everything will work.

Commit message:

3.1.4 New Version Release (#20)
* 3.1.4 Code Commit

* Testing Update

* More Test Fixes

* Update nationstates.rst

* More Test Additions

* testing fixes

docs/pages/nationstates.rst, after:

.. _api_object:

Getting Started
===============

The Nationstates package includes a simple interface for developers.

For example, for the following code::

    >>> import nationstates
    >>> api = nationstates.Nationstates(UniqueAndDescriptiveUserAgent)
    >>> nation = api.nation("testlandia")

The `.Nationstates` object centralizes API use.  The `.nation` method
creates a `Nation` object for the `'testlandia'`.

Interacting with the API
========================
There are multiple ways to interact with the api


Examples: Using the `flag` and `happenings` shard

This module supports direct attribute access for most of the shards. (For this example, you can check your shard by viewing `nation.auto_shards`), along side other methods.


    >>> nation.flag #Returns Flag directly
    >>> nation.get_flag() # see happenings for better usage
    >>> nation.get_shards("flag") 

`Happenings`:
    
    >>> world = api.world()
    >>> world.happenings # You are unable to pass any additional arguments with attribute request
    >>> world.get_happenings(filter=["law", "change", "rmb"], limit=100)

Interacting with the response
=============================

Outside of shard requests with `.get_shards`, all methods/attributes that referance a shard will only return that shard.


	>>> resp = world.numnations
	"183000"
	>>> resp = world.get_numnations()
	"183000"
	>>> resp = world.get_shards('numnations')
	{"numnations":'183000'}

`get_shards` returns a specialized dict, so code like this can be used


    >>> resp.numnations
    "183000"


This package includes multiple options for how to request/interact with the data, the default is through a specialize dictionary

    >>> import nationstates
    >>> api = nationstates.Nationstates(UniqueAndDescriptiveUserAgent)
    >>> nation = api.nation("testlandia")
    >>> result = nation.get_shards("region", "fullname") #supports multiple shards
    {"region":"Example", fullname:"Example"}


You can interact with it in a multiple ways

    >>> result.fullname
    "Example"
    >>> result["fullname"]
    "Example"

Additionally, all api's have support for Auto Shards, and get_shardname() methods (which returns slightly more data)

    >>> nation.fullname
    "The Hive Mind of Testlandia"
    >>> nation.get_fullname()
    {'id': 'testlandia', 'fullname': 'The Hive Mind of Testlandia'}

You can view what each endpoint currently supports in it's magic methods by viewing

    >>> nation.auto_shards
    ('admirable', 'animal', 'animaltrait', 'banner', 'banners', 'capital', 'category', 'census', 'crime', 'currency', 'customleader', 'customcapital', 'customreligion', 'dbid', 'deaths', 'demonym', 'demonym2', 'demonym2plural', 'dispatches', 'dispatchlist', 'endorsements', 'factbooks', 'factbooklist', 'firstlogin', 'flag', 'founded', 'foundedtime', 'freedom', 'fullname', 'gavote', 'gdp', 'govt', 'govtdesc', 'govtpriority', 'happenings', 'income', 'industrydesc', 'influence', 'lastactivity', 'lastlogin', 'leader', 'legislation', 'majorindustry', 'motto', 'name', 'notable', 'policies', 'poorest', 'population', 'publicsector', 'rcensus', 'region', 'religion', 'richest', 'scvote', 'sectors', 'sensibilities', 'tax', 'tgcanrecruit', 'tgcancampaign', 'type', 'wa', 'wabadges', 'wcensus')
    >>> nationstates.get_shard
    {'get_customreligion', 'get_rcensus', 'get_banners', 'get_govtpriority', 'get_banner', 'get_census', 'get_gavote', 'get_wcensus', 'get_firstlogin', 'get_notable', 'get_admirable', 'get_foundedtime', 'get_category', 'get_customleader', 'get_flag', 'get_currency', 'get_endorsements', 'get_lastlogin', 'get_region', 'get_religion', 'get_capital', 'get_name', 'get_type', 'get_happenings', 'get_crime', 'get_govtdesc', 'get_majorindustry', 'get_influence', 'get_customcapital', 'get_tax', 'get_tgcanrecruit', 'get_demonym2', 'get_legislation', 'get_poorest', 'get_wa', 'get_sectors', 'get_deaths', 'get_dbid', 'get_policies', 'get_scvote', 'get_lastactivity', 'get_demonym', 'get_freedom', 'get_animal', 'get_factbooklist', 'get_industrydesc', 'get_income', 'get_population', 'get_founded', 'get_richest', 'get_demonym2plural', 'get_gdp', 'get_dispatches', 'get_publicsector', 'get_fullname', 'get_motto', 'get_tgcancampaign', 'get_govt', 'get_sensibilities', 'get_dispatchlist', 'get_wabadges', 'get_factbooks', 'get_animaltrait', 'get_leader'}



Is pynationstates thread safe?
==============================

Pynationstates is now fully thread safe and will work as is across threads.
